all right this is the yellow elevator at
the universe arrest for Medical Center
dueling elevators with gyms through five
eight six look at these buttons I'm
gonna press both of them because they're
so fun to press nice buttons that one's
got an annoying fan but look at that
let's go number six the door closed when
I push the button I like that
1960s hundred
it's really about the late sixties
goes out this would take forever
level to remember name is
let's watch it here it comes you can see
the floor now we'll go back down to the
basement
this one's nicer than the service
elevator but look who that is
hi Jing get we long nails really how
much we like hot in the fixtures
beautiful fixtures fast elevator there's
a phone yeah we don't do it ground just
one let's take a while the levels
feeling
I do like the fact that or converse
about
for some reason button on ground and go
uncle's done leveling see it and we'll
close up if there it goes and look at
your car panel notice that numbers
elevator 6 and 11 don't exist I needed
two floors 8 9 and 10
yeah I know this hotend building I'm
scared I'm gonna take one more ride if I
can get another elevator well I'm gonna
ride this one do you want come let's go
6 again door closed when I push the
button we've like that said this one
takes forever to level it's kind of slow
button already went out see how you
can't see through the crack in the door
but there's your buttons basement
very nice elevators on its Timmy's
here's the fixtures that we'd all love
excuse me on this side
here's your emergency bill let's go back
up to ground the weird thing about this
elevator the button doesn't go out until
it's done level and there it goes
and